So hello brother, I welcome you to another
new video of Ola. Brothers, many of you who had
seen my old video, I had
told you that I have given my scooter for
insurance claim
because my vehicle had met with a small accident
and some body
parts got broken. So in this video
I will tell you which
body parts of my scooter have been changed
and which ones cannot be changed and are
not covered in the insurance.
I will tell you that here I have taken ICICI
Lombard insurance, so
I will tell you its very easy steps that you can
apply for it comfortably even while sitting at home
and when the ICC
representative will call you, then
what things do you have to tell so that they
cannot reject your insurance and your body
parts
cannot be included in the rejection. So let's start the video
and I will tell you that
Which body parts have been changed, so
tell me here which
body panels of my scooter have been changed
and which ones have broken, so first of all let
me tell you that this bag of mine, I do
n't know what it is called in technical terms,
but you can see in the video what it is,
it was changed and this side
footrest, I think, the one
said below the right side footrest, has been changed, the
NDA side panel has also been changed
and this footrest, it was also broken, it has
also been claimed in the insurance and
this motor guard which we will call it or it will be
some technical name brother, I don't have much
idea, this was also changed, it was also broken and this
body part, this is from the
entire side, this was
also changed, this was also
broken, this was also changed and I will tell you that
my brakes here,
I have almost run for ₹10000 km.
After that I got it changed, I
mean I did not know whether I got it changed
because brother call the Lucky team,
you know what
their response is, so my
front brakes were changed after ₹10000 km, but
along with the brakes, I would like to
tell you that these discs were
also changed, but I would like to tell you that these are
not claimed in the insurance and the
brake pads are also not claimed in the insurance,
so friends, let me talk about how much the
bill was in my all-over
insurance, it was approximately 8500 something and what
I paid was approximately 600 something,
I would tell you here that brakes are
not claimed in the insurance and my side
putris was also broken, that was also not claimed anywhere, that was
not claimed in the insurance and all the other
minor defects in the car were also
somewhere or the other  The lever chance was there, it might seem
less somewhere and I will tell you here that
these prices vary state wise,
different states have
different prices because
in Delhi etc. the normal price of foot rest is
somewhere around 400 something
but now in Bengaluru the price is different and
if the price is different in each state then here
I will tell you
how I cleaned the insurance, here first of all
you have to download a care application,
this is also from ICICI,
you must be seeing the screenshot here,
you have to install this application
and it is easily available on play store,
you have to log in with
your registered mobile number
and here there is a claim
section, go to that claim section and whatever has
happened to you, whatever has broken in the car,
normally here you are
not asked anything, they ask you the date on which
date it ended, there is no police
complaint, etc., there is no such thing,
all these things  If you ask a question related to this,
you have to tell it absolutely genuine here and
I will tell you that there is a small 80
pack here, if there is any damage to your car,
you have to
inform the insurance company within a day to a week, only then
you will not have to face much problem in the insurance claim, otherwise, if you go
after Manveer, then
somewhere or the other, there may be some
problem in making the claim, I will also tell you that
your brother, different insurance companies have
different processes and the one
I have got done from ICICI, I found the
process quite smooth, I am
talking about Bengaluru because every
customer has his own experience and what
I am saying is a different experience,
so when you download this application,
tell us about the claim here, that is, what
happened, what did not happen, tell you everything
in the application, after two or three
days, your ICICI
representative will call you and
inform you.  It will say that the body panel
or anything else,
cannot be replaced and
for which things you will have to pay, it
depends on you later, how you
talk to the insurance people in a proper manner
and how you
can get it approved for cleaning, so guys, that was all
in the video, I hope you found the video a little
informative, so please subscribe to the channel
and if you
need any insurance related information, then
you can ask me in the comment box below my channel, I will
reply to you within 2 minutes, many of
my subscribers will know that whatever I
reply to in the comments, I will reply
very quickly, if you have any kind of
problem, then please do request me in the comment,
so first of all I would
like to request you all also, so
please do subscribe to the channel, thank
you very much for watching my video